what's up everyone this is Alec and I
yeah we can't have my niece led here is
a 1999 are the cat zr4 40 snow Pro so
really clean sled got out no damages to
it at all it's got a fox shocks in the
front and back all the way around gently
toe but the rest of or this is fox say
yeah 440 actually I traded my flourish
600 XD for this sled it's a February
19th right now so it's getting lighter
in the season it's about 40 40 degrees
out here and really sunny so I decided
make this right now tis a great sled and
I really wanted a race sled because the
600 whenever I'd ride would be way too
heavy I couldn't whip it around and it
eat fuel like a pig I mean I'd always be
at the gas station so yeah I got a this
slide that I just traded for it really
really clean sled the only problem is
you say a minor turn the seat right here
which isn't much of a problem okay
hard okay so I'll stock
besides got a new track probably one
inch lugs with studs clear tank say that
I really like the bar setup a lot it's
got a just a master cylinder timing
select and general niches down here but
it needs to go back up here straddle
block which is a nice straddle block
really easy to take off then grips with
grip and thumb warmers it's got the pull
start here in the middle and then if I
move my gloves it's got a tack and an
electronic cylinder temperature major
thing which is not hooked up right now
but the original warning labels under
there he's got never had any stickers on
it
pop the hood here and it's still got the
original skis from when it was bought
something is it really clean sled I
actually just went out riding but I
didn't make a video because the GoPro
died so here's the motor it's uh
obviously Suzuki 440 liquid-cooled these
things are pretty notorious for power
valve problems but the previous owner
said it was corrected and that's why the
power belts are marked and taken apart
obviously he could tell by the heads on
the bolts right there and yeah I was
just out riding so it's pretty hot
that's the stock cane it's pretty big
I don't want that to go but we'll see
it's still going on Jack didn't
everything I've never been messed with
you know the inside is all clean head
back down patch it up yeah shots in
the front and here's front stickers no
pro 440 in the back - it's got black
shocks you can't see I like the purple
stuff in here through its Fox shocks
it's your reservoir yeah it's a real
nice and clean flood started up here
yeah my video got cut off right there
but in Jinan I need two hands to do this
yeah it's gotta give it a little gas
because
you see it idols very low so you got to
give a guess and then actually sends in
the snow prota takes off really high
see it idles really like that but uh
does gonna start moving in till around a
fifty five hundred six six grand for
starts so it's kind of hard getting used
to but uh she launches off the line to
beat any other side pretty much yeah
man so yeah guys that's my new son
see ya real nice got a cat gr44 t snow
pro 1999 yeah so tell me what you think